[Music]
18 facts that prove your bellybutton is
super cool did you know that some people
have no belly buttons at all and others
use them for meditation watch this video
to the end to find out some crazy facts
about your navel don't miss the cool
bonus a belly button personality test
[Music]
number one
curiously some of us don't have a belly
button have you ever seen pictures of
check model Karolina Kurkova and
wondered where her belly button is
though almost all of us have a belly
button
a rare defect called umbilical hernia
can cause you to end up without one in
this condition the infants and Tess
tines poked through the intestinal wall
thereby requiring surgery and leaving
the baby without a belly button number
two some mammals don't have one either
biology dictates that all mammals must
have a belly button
but nature can sometimes get quirky some
mammals like kangaroos and platypuses
don't have belly buttons well it doesn't
make the ruse any less cute does it
number three but dolphins have them
because although they are sea dwelling
creatures dolphins are mammals they get
their belly buttons just the same way as
humans do number four technically they
are one of our first scars
a belly button irrespective of how
attractive it may seem to some is
technically a scar it is formed when the
umbilical cord through which the baby is
fed inside the womb is cut up and tied
after birth many people believe that the
delivery room doctor effects the navel
formation process it is not true number
everyone's bellybutton is unique there
are so many different species of
bacteria in our belly buttons that every
person has a different composition about
2400 different species of bacteria have
been discovered living in the navel a
person's bellybutton was found with
bacterium previously discovered only in
soil samples from Japan even though the
person had never visited Japan number 6
most artists Audis while most babies
start with the Audis they usually change
to an innie as they grow only 10% of
people continue to have an Audi in
adulthood number 7 on expanding belly
can sometimes turn a pregnant woman's
innie into an Audi during pregnancy when
a woman's belly expands to accommodate a
growing fetus the innie belly button
might pop out and become an Audi most
woman's belly buttons return to the
former shape after birth
number eight a study found that Audi's
are considered to be less attractive
[Music]
researchers from the University of
Missouri determined that an Audi or
umbilical protrusion to put it smarter
is viewed as less attractive whereas a
small t-shaped or vertical navel is
considered more desirable
the research team analyzed pictures of a
hundred and forty-seven female navels
and offered a group of study panels to
score their attractiveness hit thumbs up
if you agree with their conclusion
number nine boob jobs can be performed
through the belly button incisions for
many medical procedures including breast
augmentation are made at the belly
button this is done to hide the scar
number 10 navel plastic surgeries are a
rather popular thing according to the
American Society for Aesthetic Plastic
Surgery around 2000 people get their
belly buttons professionally fixed every
year most of them want to go from an
outie to an innie
a good deal of those getting tummy tucks
also asked the surgeons to beautify
their navel number 11
bellybutton piercings take a very long
time to heal
bellybutton piercings may look
attractive but before you decide to get
one keep in mind that they take a very
long time to heal the average time is
from 6 to 12 months if it is not
properly taken care of it can cause
serious infections
number twelve belly button lint is gross
if kept unclean the lint that
accumulates inside our belly button is a
gross mixture of clothing fibers hair
and dead skin cells since men tend to
have more hairs around that area they
have more lint formation number thirteen
world's most unusual hobby lint
collecting as far-fetched as it may seem
lint collecting is a hobby gram Barker
from Australia holds the largest
collection of bellybutton lint
earning him a place in the Guinness
World Records in the year 2000 artist
Rachel Betty case went even more
creative about it as she makes small
bears of bellybutton lint
number fourteen hesychasm
meditating by navel-gazing belly button
meditation was the contemplation of
one's navel and it was used to calm the
soul the Greek Christian monks of Mount
Athos used this method to get a broader
insight into divine glory next time you
get stressed over something you know
what to do number 15
some people make cheese from belly
button germs as gross as it sounds a
fact remains a fact biologist Christina
a gap a cos and smell expert Cecil
toolless created eleven kinds of cheese
out of bellybuttons armpits mouths and
toes bacteria the organic materials were
contributed by artists scientists and
cheese makers
number 16 it is an erogenous zone have
you ever noticed how sensitive the area
around your belly button is the reason
could be that it's an erogenous zone
according to psychologist Leon F seltzer
seeing the exposed navel and surrounding
area can be very attractive it
accentuates a woman's waistline her
curves and brings out the beauty and
fertility of a woman's body
he believes viewing the female
bellybutton area can cause a sexual
trigger for a heterosexual man number 17
but it has been controversial in the
1960s censors barred women from showing
their belly buttons on TV
barbara eden who starred as jeannie in
the popular American sitcom I Dream of
Jeannie
had to wear a dress covering her navel
on the direction of the TV bosses number
18 the earth has its own belly button
some people don't have it but our planet
does a giant pothole almost 200 feet
wide in Utah's Grand staircase-escalante
national monument is often called the
cosmic navel no surprise here it looks
exactly like one and that has been there
for around two hundred and sixteen
thousand years bonus what belly button
shape reveals about your personality
though there is no scientific evidence
linking your belly button shape to your
personality
some theories claim that your
personality and the shape of your belly
button might be connected surprising
right let's take a look at what the
shape of your belly button might suggest
about your personality one an Audi is a
sign of strong character an attention
loving persevering person honest in
relationships - if your navel is big and
deep you are most likely generous an
expert people manager and the prudent
type
three those who have a shallow and small
bellybutton are normally cautious
secretive and skeptical if you're one of
those people
you're probably skeptical about this one
as well for a long and Downard belly
button speaks that you're intelligent
smart and innovative you sure are
innovative if you try to learn more
about yourself based on your navel shape
5 if your navel is oval it characterizes
you as an oversensitive impatient
introvert of an inquisitive nature 6 a
wide belly button is typical for
cautious people who are honest in
relationships and act bravely which of
the belly button fact sounds like the
craziest to you feel free to share in
the comment section give this video a
like if you believe belly buttons
deserve to be called officially cool if
this video gets 200,000 likes we'll
share more fun body parts facts
subscribe to our channel to be the first
see our updates remember life is better
on the bright side
[Music]